to customize power options let's go to
the Start menu open the
options we will start by looking at the
power schemes tab
here we can configure the computer to
turn off the monitor or hard disks when
the computer has been idle for a while
notice that for the home slash office
desk scheme monitor will be turned off
after 20 minutes by default the card
disks will not be turned off let's say
that this computer is a laptop so we
will select the schema tool can serve
the battery let's change the scheme to
the portable / laptop scheme
notice that now monitor is turned off
after 15 minutes and hard disks are
turned off after 30 minutes we can edit
the scheme to further conserve power to
do that just choose different options
from turneth monitor drop down menu or
from turn of hard disks drop down menu
if we are doing a presentation we should
change to the presentation power scheme
so that our computer can always be on
notice that the presentation scheme is
different from always on scheme and
always on scheme by default monitor will
turn off after 20 minutes while in
presentation scheme everything is always
on let's go to the Advanced tab
here we can set the prompt for password
when computer resumes from standby
option which is very useful setting here
we can also set the power button options
we can configure what will happen when
we press the power button on our
computer we can configure it to shutdown
do nothing or to ask us what to do let's
take a look at the hibernate tab
notice that hibernation is not enabled
on this machine when our computer
hibernates it stores all the memory
content to the hard disk and then shuts
down the computer hibernation will use
as much disk space as we have RAM
installed on our machine
let's look at the UPS tab
if this computer was connected to a UPS
we would use the select button to
identify the UPS
you